# css330

Working on this final project, and the course as a whole, has been a huge challenge for me. I have yet to fully understand OpenGL and how to use it properly, but my knowledge on the subject is far greater now compared to the first couple weeks of me taking the course. I hope to expand this knowledge and use what I now know in future courses I take.

Working on this project helped me with my design choices greatly. Before I was comfortable using vertices, I would make very minor edits to a design, and then load the program to visualize the change. Once I became comfortable, I could make more changes without having to load the program, and eventually I was able to create full shapes without loading. This saved a great a deal of time during the process of making the shapes. This tactic can be utilized in future work by focusing on understanding a concept first, and then working on a project. Taking on something too great of a challenge without taking these smaller steps first can slow down progress significantly, which is most likely the reason I had trouble with some weekly assignments.

The courses I will be taking in the future will deal more with visuals, which understanding OpenGL has helped prepare me for. My knowledge gained in this course can help me understand new topics and ideas that I may have otherwise not understood. Professionally, this course has helped me take on large projects in small steps. Although I haven't been successful in doing this during the course, I now understand the importance of it and the trouble that will be had by not taking small steps.
